README.md, before:

# Mocha Latte Cafe 001

## ☕ Mocha — A Warm, Soulful Obsidian Theme

*Where every note feels like a quiet moment with your favorite cup.*

Inspired by Mocha Palette by Space Sandwhich 
![Mocha Palette by Space Sandwhich](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/mocha%20palette.png)
mocha palette.png

**Soft amber accents • Thoughtful contrast • Calm productivity**

### ✨ Why Writers & Thinkers Love Mocha
- Tired of sterile, cold interfaces that strain your eyes after sunset? Mocha wraps your thoughts in warmth—inspired by the rich tones of roasted coffee beans, steamed milk, and quiet mornings. This isn't just a color swap; it's a sensory experience designed for deep focus and creative flow.

### 🌿 Key Features
#### ☕ Sensory-First Color Harmony
- Amber glow accents that guide your eyes without glare (no eye-searing blues or neon greens)
- Warm neutrals calibrated for low-light reading—like parchment under lamplight
- Intelligent contrast meeting WCAG AA standards (no squinting at faint text)

### ✍️ Thoughtful Typography
- Optimized text hierarchy: headers breathe, body text flows, code blocks stand apart
- Subtle visual cues for links, tags, and highlights—noticed but never noisy
- Monospace code blocks with warm syntax backgrounds (no jarring white-on-black)

### 🧘 Calm Navigation
- Sidebar items fade gently on hover—no aggressive color jumps
- Active note title glows with soft amber underline (know where you are without distraction)
- Status bar transforms on hover: text brightens, background deepens—satisfying micro-interactions

### 🛠️ Built for Real Humans
- One-variable customization: Change --amber-base to shift your entire theme's mood
- Light/dark mode harmony: Both modes share the same soul—no jarring transitions
- Plugin-ready: Graph view, calendar, dataview—all styled to blend seamlessly
- Zero empty rules: Clean, commented CSS you can actually understand and tweak

🎨 The Mocha Palette Philosophy

### Role
### Color
### Purpose

- Amber Glow #d19e79

### Your anchor—links, highlights, active states

- Roasted Base #20130e

### Deep canvas for notes—like dark roast beans

- Steamed Milk #e8d9c9

### Readable text—warm, never harsh

- Cinnamon Edge #4c2c21

Borders & subtle structure—like spice notes

*No rainbow vomit. No visual noise. Just warmth that serves your focus.*

### ⚡ Quick Start
- Install via Obsidian → Settings → Appearance → Community Themes → Browse (search "Mocha")
Or manually:
- Create Mocha.css in YourVault/.obsidian/themes/
- Paste the full CSS
- Enable in Settings → Appearance → Theme

### 🔧 Customize Your Brew
Love sage instead of amber? Change one line to transform your entire workspace:

- /* In .theme-dark section */--amber-base: #7a9e7e;
- /* Your new accent */--amber-hover: #628462;
- /* Auto-darken 15% */--amber-active: #e8f0e8;
- /* Auto-lighten 30% */

**→ Save → Watch links, highlights, vault name, and buttons harmonize instantly.**

[!Pro tip:] 
Use Coolors.co to generate a 3-color palette (1 accent + 2 neutrals), then map to our variables.

### ♿ Accessibility Commitment

**Mocha was stress-tested for real-world use:**

- ✅ Body text contrast: 7.2:1 (exceeds WCAG AA's 4.5:1 minimum)
- ✅ Link/text differentiation without color alone (underlines + hue shift)
- ✅ Reduced motion: no distracting animations
- ✅ Tested with color blindness simulators (Deuteranopia/Tritanopia)

## Your eyes deserve kindness

![Mocha Dark](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-dark.PNG)
![Mocha Light](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-moch-light.PNG)
![Mocha Dark Settings](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-dark-settings.PNG)
![Mocha Light Settings](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-light-settings.PNG)
![Mocha Dark Community](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-dark-community.PNG)
![Mocha Light Community](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-light-community.PNG)

Feel free to support me here: [![Donate with PayPal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.me/drasmussen93)

Commit message:

Revise Quick Start installation instructions
Updated installation instructions for the Mocha theme.

README.md, after:

# Mocha Latte Cafe 001

## ☕ Mocha — A Warm, Soulful Obsidian Theme

*Where every note feels like a quiet moment with your favorite cup.*

Inspired by Mocha Palette by Space Sandwhich 
![Mocha Palette by Space Sandwhich](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/mocha%20palette.png)
mocha palette.png

**Soft amber accents • Thoughtful contrast • Calm productivity**

### ✨ Why Writers & Thinkers Love Mocha
- Tired of sterile, cold interfaces that strain your eyes after sunset? Mocha wraps your thoughts in warmth—inspired by the rich tones of roasted coffee beans, steamed milk, and quiet mornings. This isn't just a color swap; it's a sensory experience designed for deep focus and creative flow.

### 🌿 Key Features
#### ☕ Sensory-First Color Harmony
- Amber glow accents that guide your eyes without glare (no eye-searing blues or neon greens)
- Warm neutrals calibrated for low-light reading—like parchment under lamplight
- Intelligent contrast meeting WCAG AA standards (no squinting at faint text)

### ✍️ Thoughtful Typography
- Optimized text hierarchy: headers breathe, body text flows, code blocks stand apart
- Subtle visual cues for links, tags, and highlights—noticed but never noisy
- Monospace code blocks with warm syntax backgrounds (no jarring white-on-black)

### 🧘 Calm Navigation
- Sidebar items fade gently on hover—no aggressive color jumps
- Active note title glows with soft amber underline (know where you are without distraction)
- Status bar transforms on hover: text brightens, background deepens—satisfying micro-interactions

### 🛠️ Built for Real Humans
- One-variable customization: Change --amber-base to shift your entire theme's mood
- Light/dark mode harmony: Both modes share the same soul—no jarring transitions
- Plugin-ready: Graph view, calendar, dataview—all styled to blend seamlessly
- Zero empty rules: Clean, commented CSS you can actually understand and tweak

🎨 The Mocha Palette Philosophy

### Role
### Color
### Purpose

- Amber Glow #d19e79

### Your anchor—links, highlights, active states

- Roasted Base #20130e

### Deep canvas for notes—like dark roast beans

- Steamed Milk #e8d9c9

### Readable text—warm, never harsh

- Cinnamon Edge #4c2c21

Borders & subtle structure—like spice notes

*No rainbow vomit. No visual noise. Just warmth that serves your focus.*

### ⚡ Quick Start Installation
- Install via Obsidian → Settings → Appearance → Community Themes → Browse (search "Mocha")

**Or manually:**
- Download the Mocha Latte Cafe 001 folder into your .obsidian --> themes folder and then load from the app.

### 🔧 Customize Your Brew
Love sage instead of amber? Change one line to transform your entire workspace:

- /* In .theme-dark section */--amber-base: #7a9e7e;
- /* Your new accent */--amber-hover: #628462;
- /* Auto-darken 15% */--amber-active: #e8f0e8;
- /* Auto-lighten 30% */

**→ Save → Watch links, highlights, vault name, and buttons harmonize instantly.**

[!Pro tip:] 
Use Coolors.co to generate a 3-color palette (1 accent + 2 neutrals), then map to our variables.

### ♿ Accessibility Commitment

**Mocha was stress-tested for real-world use:**

- ✅ Body text contrast: 7.2:1 (exceeds WCAG AA's 4.5:1 minimum)
- ✅ Link/text differentiation without color alone (underlines + hue shift)
- ✅ Reduced motion: no distracting animations
- ✅ Tested with color blindness simulators (Deuteranopia/Tritanopia)

## Your eyes deserve kindness

![Mocha Dark](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-dark.PNG)
![Mocha Light](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-moch-light.PNG)
![Mocha Dark Settings](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-dark-settings.PNG)
![Mocha Light Settings](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-light-settings.PNG)
![Mocha Dark Community](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-dark-community.PNG)
![Mocha Light Community](https://github.com/breakthebull/mocha/blob/main/screenshot-mocha-light-community.PNG)

Feel free to support me here: [![Donate with PayPal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.me/drasmussen93)
